I'm beings to fulfill have some poker
and we're on our way back to Murray open
states 1500 no limit hold'em event we
have five players getting it for today's
event we have Adam number 43 Reynolds
look good enough but better than vista
mr. trickett how you been eating a
better your second place no probably
don't you don't I'm feeling good I'm
feeling fresh you have good night's
preparation last night amazing good
exercise you was their name agarics as
you witnessed a bit of it this morning I
did I saw you having it up ride of your
life I wasn't riding early you're a lazy
fuck you come right now hey there Yuki
what a player you love this don't with
monkey next to me who is this mushroom
back daddy you ready to get you bad for
a run you're bad phones done you're
gonna win it you get a cash that's right
yeah you did good that's what we like to
hear pretty bad part
we're now here for Rio to start for 1.5
k event today we've got special
behind-the-scenes footage for you later
muqdad E Hagin along today I'm feeling
very well I had four point two chips own
mr. Matt Willis our IT dude from South
Africa who plays a part time poker
player as well Matt hi I'm IT part-time
IT part time I t15 oka yeah Adam dgen
Reynolds with me djane first of all what
I want to ask you little side bet you
had how did that go for you it went
terribly I bet against sam trickett
golden balls in this world series
probably gonna be World Player of the
Year probably gonna win 10 million
dollars yeah I bet against him I I get
twice average that going into the first
break come out trick it got a million
chips oh I lose one hundred dollars
obviously I knew it as a sure thing
against Aaron but betting against Rick
it's just so bad have you don't let them
know i'll do it again I've got like four
UK blue team k yeah massive stop feeling
comfortable the last longer with 14k
yeah I've already 100 off each of them
for the biggest stack at the break so
hey that's my man going to you trickett
team Trickett good luck of an accession
mate thank you let's see take you down
brother
Matt second break now tell us how you
getting along well if you remember I saw
the the session of the break short so
pick a spot got it in got in the head
and hit the straight flush so doubled up
great flush yeah hit a straight flush
yes that's Jeff jackpot man straight at
us he shows Queens I had a skiing I hid
their ace on the river mate yes you
gotta love ba samba rivers yeah barry
greenstein says our very own mat rick
steve willis is just busted for the 1.5
k tell us what happened Matt will you
know with your bitches are going along
you know folded that full house in the
first level 7 short stack survival ever
since got back first hand it's an teaser
blinds up so I was pretty much ship on
the first first round you know but uh
you know I did the best I could with
with the stack size so yeah that's
pretty happy then okay where we played
two more tournaments good luck for the
next one night so we deal and we'll see
you again soon will do
you